Support the unit type (#238)
deondigital/api-client: Readme.md

* Parameterize Case over type of body.
* Added endpoint for `/csl/ontology`.

> * Added support for the unit type, through the empty tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the unit type, represented as the empty tuple.
```
